hey Rick st. John with wild Philippines
travel agency calm today we're on
Boracay Island and we're going to be
visiting Dinny Witt Beach which is
located in the northwest portion of the
island ok did any wood is a small
private beach and therefore there's only
about 10 or 12 resorts up here and Nami
is probably one of the most popular okay
here we see Nami sitting on the hillside
here it's four separate buildings here
we see the reservations desk this is
where you'll check in and check out of
the hotel okay here we see one of the
rooms with a really incredible view of
Dinny wood beach in the Sulu Sea the
rooms also have jacuzzi that sits out on
the balcony again fantastic views here
we see the inside of the ocean view room
large queen-size beds here again balcony
so that you can sit out and enjoy the
beautiful view all these rooms have all
modern amenities air conditioning nd di
D D telephones hot water showers minibar
wrath everything that you need here we
see the suite room the large sofa bed
here for extra person again the
bathrooms are all nicely tiled a couple
of the rooms also have a pocket Gardens
here we see the nice vanity area the
wash basin just fantastic here we see a
picture of the pocket garden located in
the in the bathroom here and again the
balconies all have nice native furniture
where you can sit and enjoy the
beautiful sunsets that that you'll see
from the west side of the island here
okay here we see an incredible view of
Dinny wid Beach just fantastic and then
once you come down you can use the
elevator coming down from Nami you can
walk across their boardwalk here and
right on to Denny would Beach you're
like a one minute walk away you can
enjoy sitting out on the boardwalk here
in a Cabana again it's excellent if
you're looking for a fantastic place
something unique then we would highly
recommend the Nami boracay beach resort
while Philippines travel agency calm the
name you know with the service you can
trust we're one of the most respected
and trusted names in Philippines travel
we offer the best packages at the best
prices
guaranteed